Rewrite in location (#8190)
netdata/netdata: docs/Running-behind-apache.md

RewriteRule (.*) http://localhost:19999/$1 [P,L]
```

> 3.  Optional: If your server is remote, then just replace "localhost" with your actual hostname or IP, it just works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Optional: If your server is remote, then replace "localhost" with your hostname or IP address.
```
